q1: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than a local one?
   it' obvious when I want to share my project and cooperate with others, or maybe I haven't my own laptop at hand.

q2: why you hope always pull or push change commit by your own hand rather than auto?
	because when I have put a commit, I just don't think it's a complete function and maybe it's not suitable enough to share. if autosync by github, maybe other will visit a uncompetentable version that I havn't improve. So sync by my own is better.

q3: please tell the different between Fork, clone, branch. 
	1. fork is a copy operation from other repository to your account on github, Which has a URL link to the source repository. You can clone it to local and change it, commit it, update it for making a your own version. But you can't 
	2. clone is a operation making a repository copy from github to local, local to local, or github to github.
	3. branch is a label which can locate your commit. It's a important part in your repository, can easily do the parrellel develop and some experimental attempt.

q4: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote branch (stored locally)?
	1. I can easily check the change when I'm in a place without internet access.
	2. it can remind me whether I have a sync problem between local and github when using git status or something like that.

q5: How do I collaborate without Git or GitHub? What is easier to do? What is more difficult?
	After I have a basic idea of Git and Github, I think it is really a good and difficult question. Since I have no idea if we haven't such an amazing version control tool.
	1. Maybe we can work in one place and just one people in charge commit or something 
	2. find a people as a intermediary to make sure two developer communicate with each other more efficient.
	But I think both of above are difficult.

q6: When would you want change files in a seperate branch rather than in master branch?
	1. When I want to create a new function or kind of but i am not sure if it's really ok. So I need to make a pull request to share with others.
	2. ...